Sponsored by
Was weather to blame for low voter turnout?
Published on Tuesday 1 May 2012 16:00
A NEW-LOOK board of Ramsey Commissioners will meet for the first time on Tuesday night (May 1)with five new members joining the seven who retained their seats.
Lawrie Hooper, Graham Jones, John McDonough, Tony Harmer and Stephen Rand will join sitting members Alex Allinson, Nigel Malpass, Wilf Young, Sylvia Beattie, Steven Bevan, Geo
ff Quayle and Richard Radcliffe.
They will meet to appoint a new chairman and lead members for the forthcoming year.
The local authorities general election was held throughout the island on Thursday (April 26). The cold, wet weather may have accounted for the slightly disappointing turnout i
n Ramsey – particularly in South Ward, which saw a drop from 41 per cent in 2008 to 23 per cent. In North Ward there was a 41 per cent turn out, compared with 47 per cent four
 years ago.
Last year’s chairman, Nigel Malpass, who had appealed to people to use their vote, was at a loss to explain the low turn-out in South.
‘I can only put it down to voter apathy,’ he said.
There was a clear mandate for local GP Dr Alex Allinson (North) who gained 916 votes, the highest poll of the day. In South, Richard Radcliffe topped the poll with 444 votes.
The results –
Ramsey North – elected: (Dr) Alexander John Allinson, St Olave’s Rectory, St Olave’s Close, Ramsey, general practitioner (sitting member), 916 votes;
Lawrie Lee Hooper, The Rigs, Mount Auldyn, Ramsey, accountant. 333 votes (Lib Vannin);
Graham Steward Jones, Ormly Grove, Ramsey, retired chartered  architect, 555 votes;
John David McDonough, of Greenlands View, Ramsey, civil servant, 278 votes;
Nigel Howard Malpass of Clifton Drive, Ramsey, International Marine Consultant (sitting member), 444 votes;
Wilfred George Young of Young’s Yard, Derby Road, Ramsey, haulage contractor (sitting member), 586 votes.
Not elected: Christopher Mayers of 27, Balleigh Court, Ramsey, traffic consultant, 258 votes.
Ramsey South – elected:
Sylvia Patricia Beattie, Yew Tree Apartments, Walpole Drive, Ramsey, retired (sitting member), 415 votes;
Huard Steven Bevan, Greenlands Avenue, Ramsey, IT consultant (sitting member), 402 votes;
Anthony John Harmer, King’s Court, Ramsey, retired school teacher/retailer, 335 votes;
Geoffrey Keith Quayle, The Oaks, Lezayre Road, Ramsey, retired bank manager (sitting member), 356 votes;
Richard Radcliffe of Park Road, Ramsey, investment manager (sitting member), 444 votes;
Stephen William Rand of Tides Reach, Queen’s Drive West, Ramsey, retailer, 437 votes.
Not elected: Patrick Stephen Ayres,  Brookfield Crescent, Ramsey, self employed (Lib Vannin), 178 votes.
Email to a friend
